Picture yourself as a Procter & Gamble salesperson who plans to call upon Ms. Hansen, a buyer for your largest independent grocery store. Your sales call objective is to convince Ms. Hansen that she should buy your “family” size of Tide detergent. Her store now carries the three smaller sizes. You have developed a marketing plan that you feel will help convince her that she is losing sales and profits by not stocking Tide’s family size. 
	You enter the grocery store, check your present merchandise, and quickly develop a suggested order. As Ms. Hansen walks down the aisle toward you, she appears to be in her normal grumpy mood. After your greeting and handshake, your conversation goes like this:

Salesperson: Your sales are really up? I’ve checked your stock in the warehouse and on your shelf. 
This is what it looks like you need. [You discuss sales of each of your products and their various sizes, suggesting a quantity she should purchase based upon her past sales and present inventory.]

Buyer:		OK, that looks good. Go ahead and ship it. 

Salesperson:Thank you. Say, Ms. Hansen, you’ve said before that the shortage of shelf space
			prevents you from stocking our family size Tide - - though you admit you 
			may be losing some sales as a result. If we could determine how much
			volume you’re missing, I think you’d be willing to make space for it,
			wouldn’t you?

Buyer:		Yes, but I don’t see how that can be done.

Salesperson: Well, I’d like to suggest a test - - a weekend display of all four sizes of Tide.

Buyer:		What do you mean?

Salesperson: My thought was to run all sizes that are regular shelf price without any ad support. 
This would give us a “pure” test. Six cases of each size should let us compare sales of the various sizes and see what you’re missing by regularly stocking only the smaller sizes. I think that additional sales and profits you’ll get on the family size will convince you to start stocking it on a regular basis. What do you think?

Buyer:		Well, maybe.

At the end of your conversation, Ms. Hansen said, “Well, maybe.” Which of the following should you do now?

A.	Continue to explain your features, advantages, and benefits,
B.	Ask a trial close question.
C.	Ask for the order.
D.	Back off and try again on the next sales call. 
E.	Wait for Ms. Hansen to say “OK, ship it.”

